FOSDEM 2017 - Distributions Devroom Call for Participation (new deadline)

The Distributions devroom will take place 4 February, 2017 at FOSDEM, in
room K.4.601 at Université Libre de Bruxelles, in Brussels, Belgium.

Distributions are more than just hosted collections of software from
various upstreams. Each distribution is responsible for problem-solving
in building, testing, and releasing software as well as managing
the lifecycle of each application in the collection. Additionally,
distributions do very important work in ensuring that various versions
of upstream software work well together and can co-exist. Distribution
are also, often responsible, for "de-vendoring" upstream software so
that security fixes can be applied more quickly.

We welcome submissions targeted at contributors interested in issues
unique to distributions, especially in the following topics:

- Managing Build/Test/Release processes around shared ideas and resources

- Lifecycle management, especially in the areas of sandboxing,
  containerization, vendoring, and bundling

- Distribution construction tools and infrastructure development and
  implementation (building, signing, testing, distribution, etc.)

- Cross-distribution collaboration on common issues, eg: content
  distribution, infrastructure, and documentation

- Working with vendors and including them in the community

- Building trust and code relationships with the upstream components of a
  distribution and between distributions

- The future of distributions, emerging trends and evolving user demands
  from the idea of a platform

- The place of distributions in today's world (including concepts of
  containerization, IoT, etc.)

- Onboarding new users and mentorship, facilitating technical growth
  within the contributor base

- Solving traditional problems like package management, and content
  management (eg. rpm/dpkg/ostree/coreos )

- Integration technologies like installers, deployment facilitation
  (eg. cloud contextualisation )

- Principals of Rolling Releases, Long Term Supported Releases (LTS),
  Feature gated releases, and calendar releases

Ideal submissions are actionable and opinionated. Submissions may
be in the form of 25 or 50 minute talks, panel sessions, round-table
discussions, or Birds of a Feather (BoF) sessions.

Due to popular demand, We are extending the CFP for the Distributions
Devroom until Friday 02-December-2016. We plan to maintain the rest of
the schedule (e.g. notification dates) as-is. We look forward to your
submissions.

Revised Dates
------
Submission Deadline: 02-Dec-2016
Acceptance Notification: 5-Dec-2016
Final Schedule Posted: 11-Dec-2016

How to submit
--------------
Visit https://penta.fosdem.org/submission/FOSDEM17

1.) If you do not have an account, create one here
2.) Click 'Create Event'
3.) Enter your presentation details
4.) Be sure to select the Distributions Devroom track!
5.) Submit

What to include
---------------
- The title of your submission
- A 1-paragraph Abstract
- A longer description including the benefit of your talk to your target
  audience, including a definition of your target audience.
- Approximate length / type of submission (talk, BoF, ...)
- Links to related websites/blogs/talk material (if any)

Administrative Notes
----------------
We will be live-streaming and recording the Distributions Devroom.
Presenting at FOSDEM implies permission to record your session and
distribute the recording afterwards. All videos will be made available
under the standard FOSDEM content license (CC-BY).

If you have any questions, feel free to contact the
devroom organizers: distributions-devroom@lists.fosdem.org
(https://lists.fosdem.org/listinfo/distributions-devroom)

Cheers!

Brian Exelbierd (twitter: @bexelbie) and Brian Stinson (twitter:
@bstinsonmhk) for and on behalf of The Distributions Devroom Program
Committee

